hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're gonna be talking
about an
action fantasy film called attack on
titan part one
be ready for some spoilers ahead
a hundred years ago giant human noise
called titans appeared and began
destroying humanity by devouring
everyone they come
close to humans build layers of walls in
order to survive their attacks and
manage to regain peace temporarily
but there's no guarantee that the walls
can remain standing forever
one day inside the outermost boundaries
of the walls
aaron meets up with his friends armand
and mikasa he teases them while standing
on top of an old missile
but only manages to make a fool out of
himself instead
aaron expresses the unhappiness of being
trapped inside the walls his whole life
and wishes to know what lies beyond
he kicks the missile in frustration only
to reveal the painting of an ocean which
amazes everyone
mikasa imagines what that would look
like in real life as it must be
extremely beautiful
aaron tells mikasa that they can see it
with their own eyes if they choose to
the group sneaks towards the bottom of
the exterior wall and is shocked at how
large it is up close
aaron plans to climb the structure but
the group tries to stop him as they're
afraid of the consequences
armin warns his friend that there are
numerous titans outside
but aaron doesn't think they exist
anymore as no one has seen them for 100
years
their argument is interrupted by the
border patrol who tries to remove them
from the restricted area
seeing his friends being arrested aaron
begins attacking the guards furiously
ignoring the consequences of being
executed just when aaron is about to be
shot
zelda a friend of the boy's father and
the captain of the soldiers
breaks up the fight and promises to
discipline the law breakers personally
when the soldiers have left the man
begins making fun of aaron's actions
but sympathizes with the boy's desire
for freedom he tells the group that they
don't need to venture outside personally
as the military has recently decided to
explore beyond the walls
suddenly they hear a loud explosion and
the ground begins shaking violently like
an earthquake
the wall begins crumpling as something
from the outside is trying to break in
a colossal titan taller than the wall
appears with smoke surrounding its body
the wall patrols look at the monster in
fear as it screams continuously and
begins kicking the walls
after many repeated attacks the titan
manages to break open the wall
and disappears into the smokes as if he
completed his mission
the group begins noticing numerous
titans with terrifying faces entering
into the city from the entrance
the monsters rush towards the people as
the military tries their best to defend
the city by firing cannonballs at the
creatures
their attacks only slow down the titans
temporarily as the monsters seem to have
exceptionally fast regeneration
and begins moving towards the soldiers
the people scream in fear as the titans
began grabbing everyone and devouring
them in the process
the main character runs with his friends
back to their homes while armin checks
on his parents
everyone in the city panics creating
widespread chaos
the titans quickly follow the people to
the population center
and begins destroying all the buildings
while eating everyone like it's a buffet
aaron takes mikasa to a church where
everyone is trying to rush inside for
shelter
the main character gets separated with
the girl when mikasa tries to save a
baby on the floor
the crowd pushes aaron into the building
as he struggles but fails to save his
friend
the people inside locks the door in fear
and refuses to let anyone else in
aaron watches hopelessly as a titan with
extraordinary teeth begins approaching
mikasa
she looks at the monster in terror but
soon accepts her fate
as she lowers her head suddenly a large
explosion sends everyone cowering
backwards and aaron notices that the
titan disappeared along with his friend
he rushes outside as everyone locks the
door immediately behind him
aaron gets up and is shocked that the
city is completely destroyed
when he turns around he sees numerous
titans surrounding the church
the monsters proceed to rip open the
building like a cardboard box and begins
eating everyone
inside aaron turns around and limps away
hopelessly into the chaos
two years later the military is planning
to take over the outer districts that
was breached from the attack
the people escaped into the middle was
for refuge but also left the farms that
were in the outer districts
causing significant shortage of food
which increased mortality and crime
they have to repair the walls and take
over their land in order to save the
people from hunger
commander kubo introduces their weapons
expert captain hinge onto stage
and she shows the new grappling device
which is supposed to help them kill the
titans
but instead it seems to be more capable
of killing her teammates
aaron has joined the military alongside
his friend armin who
also survived the massacre from two
years ago they meet captain saldo who's
helping with handing out the food
and he seems to feel hopeless as he
drowns himself in alcohol
armin explains to his teammates that
their mission is to blow up the upper
portion of the wall
so that it may collapse under and block
the passage
the wall becomes lower in that section
but it remains taller than any normal
titans
the people can then exterminate all the
monsters and take back their city
the soldiers prepare to leave at sunset
as the titans sleep at night just like
normal humans
they're very alert to sound so the
scouts must keep quiet in order to
survive
the giant door opens and the soldiers
head outside in their armored vehicles
as they go further away from the second
wall their captain notices movements
ahead and stops their cars
the soldiers exit the vehicle and begin
scouting the area
only to find cattles ahead of them but
nothing else one of their teammates
hianna hears the crying of a baby inside
the buildings
and decides to investigate despite the
unlikelihood of the scenario
she rushes off to help but aaron decides
to follow and protect her
trying to amend for his failure at
protecting mikasa
they head deeper into the buildings and
aaron begins hearing the cries as well
suddenly a lot of sticky liquids drop on
the girl's face and they both look
up only to see a baby titan eating
another human on the roof
the monster drops down and begins crying
as the two runs away from the
area the noise alerts the group outside
and the captain tries to calm everyone
down to avoid attracting the titans
before he can finish talking the man
gets killed by one of the titans hiding
behind the walls
and aaron runs towards the team while
being chased by a bunch of giants
the commander notices the danger and
leaves the scouts behind as they drive
away quickly
with no other choice the remaining group
runs towards the nearest building in
order to escape the titans
but they become surrounded as a massive
giant appears in front of them
just when they're about to get killed
captain shikishima from the recon team
appears
and strikes the titan down by attacking
the weak spot behind the neck
another woman arrives and kills the
titan with ease as well
she lands beside the evaporating monster
and turns around
only to reveal herself as mikasa she
notices
aaron but pays him no attention as the
captain arrives in front of her and
smiles
the two launches towards the buildings
as aaron remains shocked from the
encounter
it turns out that shikishima was
guarding the explosives at the order of
the commander
but wasn't told of the exact location in
order to prevent any potential sabotage
commander cabo shows the captain the
underground passage
where they're hiding humanity's last
hope for survival one of the teammates
gene blames aaron for attracting the
titans and nearly killing everyone
they begin to fight as everyone looks at
them in frustration
mikasa arrives and breaks up their fight
while the captain inquires about the
main character's name
surprisingly shikishima seems to know
exactly where aaron is from after
learning his name
and decides to have a conversation with
the boy in private
the captain wants to learn why aaron
hates the titans so much
to which the boy replies that they're
responsible for stealing humanity's
freedom
fikishima disagrees and blames humanity
itself with the current predicament
as locking themselves inside walls have
made them into caddos that don't know
how to fight back
the captain suggests that aaron is a
cattle to which the boy denies with
anger
shikushima smiles and encourages aaron
to let go of his fears
and fight the titans to reclaim his own
freedom later that day
aaron finds mikasa in front of a broken
piano and tells her that he's glad to
see her alive
she doesn't share the same sentiment as
the girl reveals that the baby she tried
to save was eaten
mikasa then shows aaron a huge bite mark
on her stomach
and tells him that the world is cruel
their conversation is interrupted by the
captain
and they proceed to show their mutual
affection in front of the main character
realizing that mikasa is no longer the
same girl that he loved
aaron goes outside and screams in anger
hyanna appears and stops the main
character
trying to tell him to forget about the
girl she brings him to their shelter and
tries to comfort him
while another couple is setting the mood
by having some aggressive cuddling in
the background
kiana reveals that she's a single mother
and joined the army to pay for her
daughter
she wants aaron to join the family too
and tries convincing him with her female
assets
their fun is cut short when a giant
eyeball stares at them through the walls
the titan breaks open the building and
drags iana into his mouth
as aaron hopelessly watches in fear
numerous titans begin approaching the
buildings and the military evacuates
immediately
the soldiers launch towards the titans
trying to slow down their attacks
the captain destroys the titans easily
as he dodges all their attacks and
strikes at their weakness
mikasa tries her best to kill the titans
as well and saves their teammates at the
same time
many of the soldiers are killed as they
lack experience fighting the giants
while the commander orders everyone to
protect the explosives
the woman from earlier cries as her
boyfriend died trying to save her
captain zelda drags her away from the
dead body as she screams that she'll
kill the titan
captain hinge notices that someone is
trying to steal the truck carrying the
explosives
as it drives away from the battlefield
the woman with the dead boyfriend
manages to get onto the truck and lice
the explosives on fire
she jumps into the vehicle and fights
the thief eventually knocking him out
the woman drives the truck towards the
titan responsible for killing her
boyfriend
and slams the back towards the monster
causing a huge
explosion that knocks the giant to the
ground however
the attack is futile as the titans
regenerate quickly and begins eating the
people once again
aaron sees jing hiding on the rooftop
and tells him to fight like everyone
else
but the man turns out to be a coward and
admits that he's weak
remembering about what the captain said
to him earlier aaron rushes towards the
titans with anger
trying to kill every last one of them he
has trouble controlling the grapplers as
he lacks experience from real combat
shikishima sees aaron's bravery and
begins guiding him to attack
the main character charges at the titan
and manages to kill one of them
but before he can celebrate he flies
right into the mouth of another
the monster bites off one of his legs
and throws him onto the rooftop
the scouts notices that gene is still
trapped on the building
and armand devises a plan to save him
they begin making a lot of noises
trying to attract the titans away this
creates an opening for their teammate
and gene charges towards the titan and
kills it with a single attack
the group tries to escape the area but
armin is captured by another titan who
plans to devour him
everyone tries to help by attacking the
monster at the same time
but their strikes prove to be
ineffective against him aaron sees his
friend in danger
and cross towards the titan despite his
injuries the monster opens his mouth and
proceeds to devour the boy in front of
aaron who stands up and refuses to let
his friend die
armin tries to climb out but continues
to slide into the titan's throat
in the last moment aaron manages to grab
onto his friend while holding the mouth
open
he pulls armin and throws him out while
sliding into the mouth of the monster
the main character drops down into the
stomach of the titan and sees numerous
dead bodies
including hyena who was killed right in
front of his eyes
he grabs onto the girl's lifeless body
and screams in agony
swearing that he'll kill every last one
of the monsters
at the same time the remaining survivors
are surrounded while the captain and
commander are nowhere in sight
mikasa regroups with the team to help
only to find out that aaron has died
she looks at his remains in shock and
tries her best to not feel any emotions
mikasa decides to attack the titans head
on in order to carve out an escape route
for her teammates
she charges at the titans and cuts them
down one by one but her gas quickly runs
out and she crashes onto the ground
the giant that devoured aaron walks
towards the girl and mikasa decides to
fight until the very end
strangely the monster begins throwing up
and screaming in pain
a hand crawls out of the titan and his
body explodes into pieces
revealing a berserker titan inside
that's glowing red
the giant screams in anger and runs
towards the titans
attacking them furiously on their weak
spots the survivors watches in amazement
as they never seen a titan attack one of
their own kind before
the berserker continues to demolish all
the other titans that are attacking him
in groups
and mikasa begins to realize that his
fighting style is very familiar
sauda looks closely at the fight and
realizes that the titan must be the main
character
the berserker finishes off all the
enemies and screams furiously
he notices the soldiers on the rooftop
and runs towards the people
everyone backs off in fear except for
mikasa who shouts out aaron's name
the titan pauses for a moment but
proceeds to grab the girl and lifts her
in the air
he stares at mikasa and slowly begins to
recognize the person in front of him
the main character regains his
consciousness and begins to transform
back as he falls to the ground
the body of the titan starts evaporating
away in the smokes and mikasa quickly
rushes towards the neck with her swords
she cuts the neck open in a single
strike and manages to extract aryan from
the body
surprisingly the main character has
grown back his limbs as everyone
watches in amazement the captain watches
from afar and seems unsurprised at
aaron's transformation
while the main character slowly regains
his consciousness
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you